A joke? Niv's life sadface.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says "I should really get a door."
What do you call an ant who fights crime? A vigilANTe!
What's the smartest insect? A spelling bee!
What is fast, loud and crunchy? A rocket chip.
How does the ocean say hi? It waves!
What do you call a couple of chimpanzees sharing an Amazon account? PRIME-mates.
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
Why did the soccer player take so long to eat dinner? Because he thought he couldn't use his hands.
Name the kind of tree you can hold in your hand? A palm tree!
What do birds give out on Halloween? Tweets.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield.
What's a cat's favorite dessert? A bowl full of mice-cream.
Where did the music teacher leave her keys? In the piano!
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
Why do birds fly south in the winter? It's faster than walking!
Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher told him it was a piece of cake.
What's Thanos' favorite app on his phone? Snapchat.
What is a room with no walls? A mushroom.
What social event do spiders love to attend? Webbings.
What did one pickle say to the other? Dill with it.
Why is a football stadium always cold? It has lots of fans!
"Put a bunch of dad jokes" -Anoanoano
"Blooooosssoooooomm" -Flatfoot
What did one math book say to the other? 'I've got so many problems.'
What did the Dalmatian say after lunch? That hit the spot!
What do you call two bananas on the floor? Slippers.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
A plane crashed in the jungle and every single person died. Who survived? Married couples.
What kind of math do birds love? Owl-gebra!
Why can't you ever tell a joke around glass? It could crack up.
What do you call a Star Wars droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour.
How do you stop an astronaut's baby from crying? You rocket.
Why did the scarecrow win a Nobel prize? Because she was outstanding in her field.
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see their wheels turning.
"I can't think of any niv" -Ari the Smol Bean
"Do you want like funny funny jokes? Or jokes that are so bad they are funny?" Blossomface
What goes up and down but doesn't move? The staircase.
What kind of shoes do frogs love? Open-toad!
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? Spelling.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What did the shark say when he ate a clownfish? "This tastes a little funny."
Why do ducks always pay with cash? Because they always have bills!
How did Benjamin Franklin feel holding his kite when he discovered electricity? Shocked!
When does a joke become a 'dad' joke? When the punchline is a parent.
How much did the man sell his dead batteries for? Nothing, they were free of charge!
Where do most horses live? In neighhh-borhoods!
How do you make a lemon drop? Let it fall from the tree.
Why can't you ever trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
Which planet loves to sing? Nep-tune!
What did the limestone say to the geologist? Don't take me for granite!
If an electric train is traveling south at 10 miles per hour and the wind is blowing North at 10 miles per hour, which way does the smoke blow? Fooled you! Electric trains don't blow smoke.
How do billboards talk? Sign language.
What do you call a fish without an eye? A fsh.
What kind of keys are sweet? Cookies!
What board game does the sky love to play? Twister.
Why does a seagull fly over the sea? Because if it flew over the bay, it would be a baygull.
What do you call a tired bull? A bulldozer.
What do you call cheese that belongs to someone else? Nacho cheese!
Why are pizza jokes the worst? They're too cheesy.
What kind of water cannot freeze? Hot water.
Why did the peanut get into a rocket? He wanted to be an astro-nut!
Did you hear the joke about the roof? Never mind, it would go over your head.
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because it was feeling a little crummy.
What fruit do twins love? Pears!
What time is it when people are throwing pieces of bread at your head? Time to duck.
Why was the baby strawberry crying? Because their parents were in a jam.
Why don't you ever see giraffes in middle school? Because they're all in high school.
haha 69 haha funny number
How do bees brush their hair? With honeycombs!
What do you do if someone rolls their eyes at you? Roll them right back.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
Why won't peanut butter tell you a secret? He's afraid you'll spread it!
What's the difference between a car and a fish? You can tune a car but you can't tuna fish.
What is worse than raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxis.
What do you call an old snowman? A glass of water.
Who eats snails? People who don't like fast food!
What did the bathtub say to the toilet? 'You look flushed!'
How much does it cost a pirate to get his ears pierced? A buck an ear.
What was a more useful invention than the first telephone? The second telephone.
Why did the banana visit the doctor? She wasn't peeling well!
"WHY DID THE CHIKIN CROSS THE ROAD? TO ESCAPE A HUNGY NIV"- KAZOO
"I ONCE NEW A DEEER THAT COULD WRITE WITH BOTH HANDS. IT WAS BAMBIDEXTROUS" - KAZOO
"WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A PIZZA AND A BURRITO? NOTHING! FOOD IS FOOD." - KAZOO
Why did the banana visit the doctor? She wasn't peeling well!
What's a snake's favorite subject in school? Hiss-tory.
How do you talk to a giant? Use big words.
What did the bald man say when he received a comb for his birthday? 'I'll never part with this!'
Why did the God of Thunder need to stretch his leg muscles so much as a kid? He was a little Thor.
What animal is always at a baseball game? A bat.
"Nope I don't got any" - Ari the Smol Bean
"Nope blossom is there with me" - Flatfoot
How can you tell if an ant is a boy or a girl? They're all girls! If they were boys, they'd be uncles.
Why did the teacher have a sack full of birdseed? For her parrot-teacher conferences.
What kind of music do mummies listen to? Wrap music.
What falls in winter but never gets hurt? Snow.
How many months have 28 days? All of them!
Why was the broom late to school? It over-swept!
What kind of nut doesn't like money? Cash ew.
What's white and can't climb trees? A fridge.
"What does a zombie vegetarian eat? GRAAIIIIIINNSS" - Blossomface
"What is a cow's favorite past time? Going to the Moooooooovies." - Blossomface
"My monitor never changes. Every new year it has the same resolution." - Fractured Mentality
Did you hear about the person that lost their left arm and leg? Its ok, they're all right now. Two fish are sitting in a tank, one looks at the other sand says "You know how to drive this thing? - Nick8212 (Redeemed on 20220816)
